I always get the question, how to
exactly get gifts from men. That's why
in today's video, I want to break down
what I do to take gifts from men. Now,
if you want to have exact scripts and
real life scenarios on how to make a man
invest in you, download my ebook. I have
everything there from how to spot men
who actually can invest, what to say,
what to do, where to go, which dating
apps to use, how to set boundaries, how
to set standards. The whole blueprint on
how to receive queen treatment is in my
ebook, The Queen Treatment. Don't forget
to download. Let's get right into this.
10 years ago, I was being the kind of
pick me girl and I was looking like
this. Not saying that I was not
beautiful at all, but you can see that I
was not putting in that much effort into
my appearance. I was always thinking
that I need to do more to prove more and
to show that I am worthy of being with a
man, that I am worthy of being loved.
And yet, the more I did, the less I got,
the less I even attracted men who would
like to do things for me. I was almost
kind of repelling men who wanted to do
things for me because even though
sometimes it started off great and the
man was investing in me, he was taking
me out on dates. Immediately after I
started to overgive and show that I am
worthy of him and being over available,
texting him all the time, immediately he
stopped with all this effort. Now what I
need you to understand is that looks are
important but they are not everything.
Okay? You don't actually need to first
glow up, change how you look and how you
present yourself. You can start right
now. You can start getting gifts from
men right now. Gain confidence through
the process of getting men to give you
gifts and then put your energy and
effort into looking better into being a
better version physically and having a
better appearance. And that will make
you be more attractive, will give you
more attention. And more attention will
also give you more options and even more
expensive gifts. Now, let's get into the
strategy on how to make a man give you
gifts without changing your appearance.
First of all, you need to know that you
deserve it. Okay? You need to know that
getting gifts from a man is not
something that you need to earn through
doing more. It's something that you
deserve. Okay? It's your birthright to
get spoiled by men. And the other
mindsets which I want you to have is to
understand that men actually also want
to do things for you. Men feel empowered
and masculine by doing things for you.
Is it small? Is it big? Whatever they do
for you to make you happy, they feel
good doing it. Okay? Not the other way
around. Another mindset I want you to
get rid of is to think that you need to
give back. that you feel guilty after
you get something from a man or you
think on how to repay or give back. You
need to stop that. There is no guilt.
There is no giving back. There is
nothing you need to give in exchange.
That's not how it works. This is not
something transactional. This is
something you deserve. Okay? You deserve
a man taking care of you. You deserve
someone sending you flowers just because
you deserve someone paying for your bill
in the cafe just because. Now, how I do
it to get gifts? Strategy number one is
to simply ask for it. For example, when
I moved into my new apartment, I simply
text messages to a few men that I know I
never had anything with. I was never
dating. I was never in any sexual or
love relationship with. I simply know
they desire me. And I sent them a
message. Hey, how are you? How are you
doing? What are you up to? How is your
summer going? I was starting to have a
little back and forth small talk
conversation. And then when they asked
about me, I said, "I just moved into a
new apartment and I'm just about to
order some things for my new apartment."
And then sometimes they offer, hey, if
you want, I can send you some help. I
can send you something. Or they ask,
what are you buying? And then I say
something cozy to make the apartment
comfortable. Do you want to contribute
something? I would love that. It would
help me a lot. I would really appreciate
it. Or simply asking if he wants to help
out. That's it. That's the most simple
way to ask men to give you something or
help you with something. Another example
for something a little bit more
expensive. You date someone. When he
calls you, you pick up and then you say,
"Oh no, my perfume just fell when you
called." So you make him reason of why
something broke or why something didn't
work out. And then his instinct of
wanting to fix something is usually
turning on and he will get it for you.
He will ask which perfume. And usually
men who really want you, who are
interested in a committed relationship
with you, they will step up. They will
offer or they will come the next date
with the gift. Another strategy that I
use to get gifts from men, especially
when it's a bit more pricey, I go into
any shop in the mall and I look at
beautiful things. It depends on how
wealthy the man is and how close you are
to the man. But let's say you are
already dating and he is wealthy. You're
going into a Chanel store. you're
looking at different bags, asking him
for his opinion. And whenever you're
including a man into your choices,
whenever you are giving him the
opportunity to contribute his opinion,
first of all, you make him feel
important and second of all, it's more
easy for him to step up to actually take
care of it. Okay? So, you will ask him
for his opinion and then he will say,
"Oh, I prefer this one or I prefer that
one." And then you say, "Wow, you have
such a great taste. I would love this
bag. It would look so good on me. Wow,
it's perfectly to the outfit. It fits
perfectly to his favorite outfit."
And then you're simply
looking at him, looking at the bag,
looking at the price tag, and then you
say, "Maybe another time." And then
either he's offering to get it or he's
asking what's wrong or what's happening
when you make this little cute face and
then you say, "I'm just helping out my
auntie with her mortgage." But you would
love this bag. It would make you feel so
good and so happy. He's going to take
care of it. Okay. Many times you don't
even need to make it that long. It's
very easy for him to actually step up
and do it. Especially if he has money
and is committed to pursue you or is
already in a committed relationship with
you. He wants to make you happy. Okay.
When it is about getting things like
flowers, bags or any materialistic
things, you always want to make him feel
like it was his idea to get it for you.
You always want to let him know how it
would make you feel, how it would change
your comfort, how it would change your
state of being, and how happy you will
be with the flowers, with the bag, etc.,
etc. You do never want to ask him to buy
you this bag or demand it from him. You
do not want to push him. You want to
play a little bit the cute girl who
really wants it. Think about a little
girl who really wants the gift, but is
not saying, "I want the gift." She's
saying, "I
like this so much. It would make me feel
so good." You're playing with your
feminine energy. And then the last
strategy I have for you is when it is
about paying your bills or getting some
money from him, what I do is to play the
damsel in distress. when I want some
money or I need to pay my rent and I do
not have enough money. Most of the time
I do, but I say I don't. Then I say,
"Listen, I'm struggling. Something came
up this month. I cannot pay my rent. I
really need help with something. Could
you help me out?" I simply ask. To be
honest, when it is about getting money,
I simply ask if the man could help me
out. And when he does, I tell him what a
hero he is. He literally saved me. And I
make him feel so good about saving me.
He is my hero. He changed everything.
Overdo it. Okay. Once he does something
for you, you need to be so appreciative.
depending on how big it is what he did
for you. But you need to be so
appreciative and make him feel good that
he made you feel good. Let him know that
he did the right thing. Okay? So when it
is about rent or sending you money for
your bills, always play the damsel in
distress and always combine it with you
taking care of your mom's or your
auntie's mortgage or that you had some
unexpected bills coming up or someone
was getting sick. This is morally not
really correct, let's be honest. But if
you really need it or really want to try
it out, simply try it out with men that
are not that important to you. Another
thing, do not get upset if it doesn't
work out. Sometimes men will say no. And
even if they say no, you say, "Okay,
you're not being overly excited. You're
not feeling guilty. You're not feeling
sorry for for asking it. You're not
being upset, but you are drawing back
your energy and effort. If he says no,
it's a no for him right now. But it
doesn't mean he cannot change. And I
tell you one example from a friend of
mine. She was asking someone that she
knows since a while, but they were never
dating. She she was asking him to send
her money for the rent because she had
some difficulties. And he said no, he
doesn't want to do that. She said okay.
And then they were not talking for a few
days. She was kind of cold, drawing back
her energy and attention. Suddenly after
3 days, while she kept on living her
life, not begging, not being angry, just
not interested in talking to him, he
came and he said, "I sent you the money
for the rent." That's how it works.
Okay? It's very easy. You just have to
trust yourself. And also, do not feel
bad when someone says no. If one says
no, ask someone else. If this one says
no, ask someone else. Many times they
anyways come back to offer help. Another
example I have for you is from another
friend of mine. We were sitting in a
cafe and she had already her food. She
drank her coffee and then she saw a
gentleman, a good-looking man entering
the cafe. She was already gazing at him
a little bit, but still we were chit
chatting and being in our zone. He was
sitting on the exact opposite of her on
the other side of the cafe. Okay. He
ordered food for himself and when the
food came to his table, she was gazing
at his food and then he noticed her gaze
and he said, "Do you want to try?" And
she said, "Oh, you got this salmon. I
wanted to take the salmon, but I took
the chicken. It was very good. And then
he said, "Come over, try have a bite."
And she was m I'm not sure. Should I
come? He said, "Come, come." She came,
she had a bite, had like a little
chitchat with him. Then she came back to
our place and she asked for the bill.
The waiter brings the bill. She turns it
around, writes a message on the bill
with her phone number, and tells the
waiter to send the bill to the man
sitting opposite of us on the other side
of the cafe. And of course, he took care
of the bill. It's really, really easy,
ladies. Sometimes you just have to ask.
Sometimes you just have to play a little
bit with your feminine energy. Sometimes
you just have to try your charm. You
have to try things out. But do not be
shy, okay? You deserve to be spoiled.
You deserve to be taken care of. And
there is no shame in wanting that. There
is no shame in asking for help. There is
no shame in playing the dance between
the feminine and the masculine. It's so
beautiful and it's so fun. Okay. So, I
want you to try it out and also keep in
mind you do not need to look a certain
way. You do not need to have a certain
skin color. The friend I told you from
the cafe, she's from Africa. My other
friend, she's from Russia. I am from
Austria. I have other friends, they are
from Spain, from Germany, Morocco. They
all know how to do this. And as I said,
it has nothing to do with your
nationality, with how you look. If
you're skinny, if you're cury, if you're
a bit bigger, a bit smaller, long hair,
short hair, a lot of makeup, not a lot
of makeup. It has nothing to do with how
you look and so much to do with how
secure you are within yourself. Okay?
So, I want you to Yes. take care of
yourself. look put together, look the
way that makes you feel your best, and
then start trying yourself out, gain
confidence, and then start your glow up.
Anyways, I hope this could help. Thank
you so much for watching, and I see you
in my next video. Bye-bye.